# Project Roadmap Sore_Soccer
## Tasks
1. -DONE Alister - Search Github for repository with team builder in python. This repository must utilise code language that we have learned in edx. Commented code is better. Once a codebase is found, link the repository to alistersore github account and to Sore_Soccer repository. Create Code2.2 file. 
1. -DONE Alister - Develop soft model for program. Look through the codebase and determine where changes need to be made to take league builder to tryout team builder. Determine where inputs must be made. Rough sketch of Program model should be created. Sketch does not have to be commited.
1. DONE - Go through codebase and take out unrelated elements. Impliment initial changes and fix bugs to get code working in Juypiter notebooks (not file). Filter code until a test team list can be created for inputed team number. Create fields for inputing strings for players. Commit changes to Code2.2.
1. DONE - Create through Visio the official program model. The program must show the process of multiple inputs (players, team number). The process must show the calling of functions and the for if loops. The outputs must be shown. The created file must also be shown. Upload final model to Sore_Soccer repository. 
1. Alister - Impliment into code, input fields for players and make input strings to lists. Commit to Code2.2. 
1. Alister - Impliment into code, fix input field for number of games to be set as integar. Use integar to divide by the total players to create equal teams. If unequal player numbers are present impliment code to set extra players as substitutions. 
1. Alister - TEST1.0 test code through Juypiter and downloading to machine. Run throuhg multiple sources and check file for proper outputs. Make note of improper functions. Attempt to fix bugs. Commit all bug fixes to Code2.2.
1. Alister - Continue to fix bugs until TEST1.0 is properly working. Ensure all features are commented and code is formatted to proper idustry syntax. Make any other necessary changes to code as to make TEST1.0 work with team names and players. Commit all edits to Code2.2.
1. Alister - Impliment into code, file creation and editing with created teams. Use codebase code for csv creation, rename created file and save file. Ensure file is closed in the code. Commit all changes to Code2.2.
1. Alister - TEST2.0 test code through Juypiter and downloading to machine. Run through mutliple sources and check file for proper outputs. Ensure file is created in proper area and that csv file is formatted correctly and can be opened. Make note of improper functions. Attempt to fix bugs. Commit all bug fixes to Code2.2.
1. Alister - Continue to fix bugs until TEST2.0 is properly working. Ensure all features are commented and code is formatted to proper idustry syntax. Make any other necessary changes to code as to make TEST1.0 work with team names and players. Commit all edits to Code2.2.
